Fix roundcube database env configuration (#1831)
Mailu/Mailu: docs/database.rst

Mailu Postgresql
----------------

> Mailu optionally comes with a pre-configured Postgresql image, wich as of 1.8 is deprecated
> will be removed in 1.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mailu optionally comes with a pre-configured Postgresql image, which as of 1.8, is deprecated
and will be removed in 1.9.
```

> This images has the following features:

Reviewer 2: Since you are modifying database.rst anyway, could you fix this typo?
This image**s** has => This image has ...

Reviewer 2: I'm referring to line number 13 in case this is not clear.
